[Pages] Framework Guides style guide review (#1954)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: products/pages/src/content/framework-guides/deploy-a-preact-site.md

[Preact](https://preactjs.com) is a popular, open-source framework for building modern web applications. Preact can also be used as a lightweight alternative to React because the two share the same API and component model.

In this guide, you will create a new Preact application and deploy it using Cloudflare Pages.

> You will be using [`wmr`](https://github.com/preactjs/wmr), an all-in-one development tool built by the Preact team, to quickly generate an optimized web application.

Author: ```suggestion
You will use [`wmr`](https://github.com/preactjs/wmr), an all-in-one development tool built by the Preact team, to quickly generate an optimized web application.
```

## Creating a GitHub repository

Create a new GitHub repository by visiting [repo.new](https://repo.new). After creating a new repository, prepare and push your local application to GitHub by running the following commands in your terminal:

```sh
# Setup the local repository
$ git init
$ git remote add origin https://github.com/yourgithubusername/githubrepo
$ git branch -M main

# Commit all initial files
$ git add -A
$ git commit -m "initial commit"

# Send commit to new GitHub repo
$ git push -u origin main
```

## Deploying with Cloudflare Pages

> Deploy your site to Pages by logging into [Cloudflare dashboard](https://dash.cloudflare.com/) > Account Home > **Pages** dashboard and selecting **Create a project**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Deploy your site to Pages by logging into the [Cloudflare dashboard](https://dash.cloudflare.com/), navigating to the Account Home > **Pages** dashboard, and selecting **Create a project**.
```

> Deploy your site to Pages by logging into [Cloudflare dashboard](https://dash.cloudflare.com/) > **Account Home** > **Pages** dashboard and selecting **Create a project**.

Author: ```suggestion
Deploy your site to Pages by logging into [Cloudflare dashboard](https://dash.cloudflare.com/) > **Account Home** > **Pages** and selecting **Create a project**.
```

</TableLayout>

Optionally, you can customize the **Project name** field. It defaults to the GitHub repository's name, but it does not need to match. The **Project name** value is assigned as your `*.pages.dev` subdomain.

After completing configuration, click the **Save and Deploy** button.

You will see your first deploy pipeline in progress. Pages installs all dependencies and builds the project as specified.

<Aside type="note">

**Note:** You will notice that within the `package.json` file, the `"build"` script uses the `--prerender` flag. With this, `wmr` produces static HTML pages – along with their assets – which is perfect for Pages.

</Aside>

After you have deployed your site, you will receive a unique subdomain for your project on `*.pages.dev`.

Cloudflare Pages will automatically rebuild your project and deploy it on every new pushed commit.

Additionally, you will have access to [preview deployments](/platform/preview-deployments), which repeat the build-and-deploy process for pull requests. With these, you can preview changes to your project with a real URL before deploying them to production.

<Aside type="note">

> For the complete guide to deploying your first site to Cloudflare Pages, refer to [the Get started guide](/get-started).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For the complete guide to deploying your first site to Cloudflare Pages, refer to the [Get started guide](/get-started).
```

</Aside>

## Learn more

> By completing this guide, you have successfully deployed your Preact site to Cloudflare Pages. To get started with other frameworks, [refer to the list of Framework guides](/framework-guides).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
By completing this guide, you have successfully deployed your Preact site to Cloudflare Pages. To get started with other frameworks, refer to our other [framework guides](/framework-guides).
```
